Address asciidoctor-dita-vale issues in Administering Satellite (part 1) (#4526)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_prerequisites-for-cloning.adoc

[id="prerequisites-for-cloning"]
= Prerequisites for cloning

[role="_abstract"]

> You must meet the following prerequisites before you can clone your {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: Sure, with a small fix :)

```suggestion
Ensure that your environment meets the following prerequisites before you can clone your {ProjectServer}.
```
